The previous lesson we saw how we can pick up the arguments as a default within the function using the
arguments.
And there is another option if you don't like to use arguments.
You can also use the rest option and the rest the way that works is it's three dots and then whatever
you want to call your value.
So if for instance I want to call it A or whatever I can call it whatever I want.
So we can also pull back.
So let's let's get rid of some of this here and sort of arguments are we're going to do whatever I want
and whatever I want length so that we can take a closer look at exactly what's going to happen here.
So when I refreshed it it actually doesn't matter what you call it.
You can give it any value any name there.
And this looks the same way as arguments so we can actually have a customized value there that we can
work with and we get those same values back.
So we get all of the arguments that are passed and we get the length.
We don't get the other stuff so we don't get the call the in the name and so on.
But if we're just looking for arguments this is another way to pull back that information and make use
of it within your code.
Now this arrest parameter needs to be lost.
So if I do something like A B and I want to pull back the value of A B and then any other arguments
that get passed in there then that's what's going to end up within whatever I want and we see that it's
only ending up with that last one because of course we've got a and b here that are taking the values
of one and two.
So let's try out and let's pass in a number of additional parameters and they're going to use numbers
because these are to take them through.
So let's try this.
Now we see that we get all of those because A and B so A is ninety nine b a 66 and then we get the remaining
number of arguments there that are passed then the string and then we can make use of those.
So this is another really great format.
That's you with ESX where we can pick up the remaining arguments.
Doesn't matter how many get passed and we can pick them all up and we can also loop through them and
make use of them within our code.
So that's what I want you to do now to pause the video and loop through all of the values of whatever
I want and I am going to change that.
So maybe we'll just call it C to be simple here instead of whatever I want just call it C passing some
values there and instead of having them law console log I want to output each one of the values of c
and loop through it and output them separately within the console on separate lines.
So I paused the video and try that out.
So let me show you the solution.
The solution is to have a loop.
So we're going to do a quick for loop.
And within this for loop.
So let's I equal one.
That's our starting point.
And we're going to loop through while I is less than the length of C and with that way we know that
because we do get this value we do get this length value there.
So we know that we can make use of that within our code.
So let's increment i so loop through it and then now all it is is just outputting that content within
the console.
So we know that we've got a value there for C..
So if we do see I should put that value that gets passed in there and we can we can also we can just
keep those Konsole logs.
So let's try this and refresh it and we see that we're getting output of three.
Let's try that
one that we tried earlier and now we see that we're actually looping through it.
So anyone that's falling after the first two it actually loops through and outputs them all in the console
so next challenge is to update the values that we're returning in.
I want to say my funds whatever the name of the function says and then that value of the argument.
So add that in to what you're doing within your Llew positivity and add that in.
And remember earlier when we looked at arguments we had a number of parameters there and we could actually
get the name of the function within those.
So go ahead and try that out.
I'll show you the solution coming up.
So if you had an opportunity to try that out.
So going back to what we looked up earlier we don't need to take any of these primers we don't need
the rest and we can update this to be arguments as you try to do it that way.
It's not can actually allow you to pull that argument information.
So arguments length and this will put all of the arguments.
So when we refresh it we see we get all of the arguments and then also we want to get the name value.
So let's do that and we'll call it name.
And this is going to be arguments.
So we're going to look at the arguments object and it's called Eat and name.
So this should return back the name of the function.
And now we can use it here within our output message
says this value.
So let's refresh that.
And there we go.
So now we see the name of the function says this value when this value to and this value 3.
So anything that we're passing into that my fun it's going to take those values and it's going to simply
output them.
So we see that my fun says this value hello and so on
so there's a lot of power with the arguments and with the rest.
And there's also a lot of information that you can utilize within your coding.